Now I invite Zhao Ruolan to the stage
I award it to you.
The gold medal in this Olympic drama event
And so forth.
Ruolan wait a minute
Shulan
I beg you
I'm mom
Ruolan, you are my daughter
I beg you
You have a good relationship with Jax
Can you help me intercede with him?
You let Jax
Don't repeat the cooperation with the Gaucho family
You don't let them compete either
otherwise
Mom will be swept away by Gao Qiang's family
go out
say
You are my biological daughter
You were born to me in October
You still have my blood in your bones.
Can you prove my innocence now?
Do I have anything?
Did I go out and sell it?
You have nothing.
Not sold
My daughter -- my daughter is a champion weightlifter.
Yes, I am the world champion.
What about you? What are you?
When my dad and I were down 10 years ago
You abandoned me
Forget it.
It also fell into trouble
Now we are brilliant
You came back to me again, what are you?
From today onwards
I got you covered
I am Sun Meifeng
grace and righteousness
Don't care about connections